[WHOOSHING]
[MELODIC CHIME]
[ORCHESTRAL MUSIC]
>> We can now experience a
simple practice to create
and absorb a sphere
of bioenergy.
Remember the fundamental
ethical rule of safety
when learning new
energetic methods, which
is to first practice them on
yourself until you master them
before using them on others
and to only use them on others
with their explicit permission.
We will begin with the energy
field awareness practice, which
is simply to become quiet
inside and tune into the feeling
of energy in and
around your body
as well as observing whatever
thoughts and emotions are
in your consciousness
at this moment.
You don't need to
change or manipulate
in any way what is in your
energy field or your mind
during the energy field
awareness practice.
Simply observe and become
aware of whatever is present.
This gives you a
baseline to then
observe changes in your
energy or consciousness
from any energetic or
spiritual practice that you do,
so please do the
energy field awareness
practice for a moment.
Now we can begin the classical
energy sphere creation
practice.
Our hands are used to
project life energy
called prana, qi, ether, et
cetera in different traditions
all over the world.
The most powerful energy
emission in the hands
is the center of
the palm, which is
acupuncture point pericardium
8 in Chinese medicine.
Energy emissions may also
come from the fingers.
However, the center of the
palm is the most powerful hand
energy center.
Remember the principle that
energy follows attention.
Wherever you put your attention,
your energy goes there.
Simply by putting attention
on the palms of the hands,
you start to activate the
energy emissions there.
So please take a few deep
breaths deep into your belly.
Relax and become quiet inside.
Place your attention on
the center of your palms,
feeling the natural
vibration there.
Now to increase the sensation
of the vibration you feel there,
rub the palms of your
hands briskly together
and then stop and feel
the vibration at the palms
and between the two hands.
Move your palms
closer and further
from each other,
feeling the compression
of the energy between them when
you move them closer together.
Then start to play
with that energy,
moving your hands in
spherical rotations,
forming the energy
between the palms
into a sphere held
between the hands.
Use your attention
and mind power
to move your
awareness and energy
into the center of the sphere
held between your hands.
This is the zero-point
centering practice
you learned in episode
2 of the series.
This activates the divine
plane, the unified field power.
Then from the center
of the sphere,
use your mind power
to radiate the energy
back to the boundary
of the sphere, which
is the radiance practice.
Lead the energy of the
sphere to cycle sequentially
through the zero-point
centering and radiance phases
to gently implode
into its own center
and explode back
out to the boundary
of the sphere in
a regular rhythm,
creating a steady
pulsation of the sphere
as if it was a beating heart.
Set up the pulsation
of the sphere
to match the rhythm of the
beating of your own heart
in your chest.
Feel the change in the vibration
of the sphere in your hands
when you set it to pulse with
the beating of your own heart.
Imprint now into the
sphere with your mind power
a gentle light blue pastel
color like the color
of the clear sky,
which can help calm
and soothe stress and agitation.
The vibrational power of
blue also specifically
helps to stabilize and
hold the sphere together
and to preserve thought forms
we project into the sphere.
Feel the change in the vibration
of the sphere in your hands
when you imprint the light
sky blue color into it.
Generate then in your
mind a thought form
of dynamic vitality and
health, of disintegrating
any toxic invasions or
accumulations in your body.
See in your mind's
eye clear images
of yourself bursting with
this vital energy and health,
with any toxicity or issues
dissolving away to nothing.
Accompany these images
of health with generating
the feeling of
health and happiness
in your body and energy field.
Be aware that these
images and feelings
are creating a coherent
thought form inside your head.
Then you're projecting
this thought form
from inside your head then from
the area between your eyebrows
into the sphere held
between your hands.
Feel the change in the vibration
of the blue sphere held
between your hands when
you add this thought
form of health and vitality
into the blue sphere.
Then you can use your hands
to take the blue sphere
and push it into your
own solar plexus.
Absorb the sphere then
into your solar plexus,
laying your hands on
top of the solar plexus
as the sphere is absorbed.
Close your eyes
and relax, feeling
the shift in your
body and energy
field when the blue
sphere releases
its beneficial contents
into your solar plexus.
Then you can relax and
return your hands to your lap
and then use the energy field
awareness practice once again
to quietly tune in to
the shift of energy
in and around your body from
having created and absorbed
this sphere of energy.
How does your energy
feel different
than it did before the
start of the practice?
Observe, also, any shifts
in your mental thoughts
and emotional feelings from
having absorbed the sphere.
This process of creating
the energy sphere
can also be used for
manifestation purposes
by placing specific thoughts
forms within the sphere of what
you choose to manifest and then
placing the visualized sphere
within the energetic
environment where
this situation can materialize.
This practice can be
repeated and reinforced daily
to keep the sphere
active and working.
[ORCHESTRAL MUSIC]